---
toc: true
comments: false
layout: true
title: N@TM BLOG
description: This is my blog for N@TM
type: plans
courses: { compsci: {week: 0} }
---

# Two Trimester Focus Planning 
- At N@TM we had all of our users sign up and make an account then use those credentials to log in. Then they were able to plant crops and then watch them grow by week. This was something many users were especially impressed by (the animations). We also asked each user for feedback which they were happy to provide. 
    - Add more varieties of crops besides just corn. Lots of people gave us this feedback. 
    - The growing of crops should happen on its own instead of having them click a button
    - we should also have a helpful popup of a little helper guide to guide the users through farming
    - Pressing buttons should have an indicator, many people kept pressing the corn button thinking that it was not selected.
    - The game UI could be improved, it currently looks very bland and we need more bright colors.
Add money to the game so that you can't plant unlimited corn.
- To our project, we will add the popup of the helper guide and add more varities of crop. Because we had so many people give us this feedback. In addition, we will also be adding a popup of a little helper guide that guides the users through the farming because the idea is cool and easy to implement. 
- We will be updating our progress on issues and our scrum board. 

# Our Team at N@TM 
## Glows
We had a good presentation and a good proof of concept. We had specialized presentations depending on the insterests of the user. If a user is interested in cs and is technical, we gave them a highly technical presentation. If they were interested in enviormental science we focused more on the agriculture aspect. We also had a good technical showcase and were able to elaborate on all aspects of our project. 

## Grows
UI needed to be a little more cleaned up. We needed to better display the data saved on main. We shouldve had a more interactive demo. The title map couldve been more farming specific. 

## People We Talked To 


# Had the Best Time at N@TM!